doc/3-Types.md, before:

# Types

DB48X, [like HP RPL](#rich-data-types), supports a wide variety of data types.


## Integers

The DB48X version of RPL distinguishes between integer values, like `123`, and
[decimal values](#decimal-numbers), like `123.` Integer values are represented
internally in a compact and efficient format, saving memory and making
computations faster. All values between -127 and 127 can be stored in two bytes.
All values between -16383 and 16383 in three bytes.

Integers can be [as large as memory permits](#big-integers).


## Big integers

The DB48X version of RPL can perform computations on arbitrarily large integers,
limited only by available memory, enabling for example the exact computation of
`100!` and making it possible to address problems that require exact integer
computations, like exploring the Syracuse conjecture.


## Decimal numbers

Decimal numbers are used to represent values with a fractional part.
DB48X supports three decimal numbers, using the 32-bit, 64-bit and 128-bit
[binary decimal representation](#intel-decimal-floating-point-math).
In memory, all decimal numbers use one additional byte: a 32-bit decimal number
uses 5 bytes, a 128-bit binary decimal number uses 17 bytes.

The 32-bit format offers a 7 digits mantissa and has a maximum exponent
of 96. The 64-bit format offers a 16 digits mantissa and has a maximum
exponent of 384. The 128-bit format offers a 34 digits mantissa and a maximum
exponent of 6144.

The [Precision](#precision) command selects the default precision.

Note that a future implementation of DB48X is expected to feature
variable-precision decimal numbers similar to [newRPL](#newRPL-project).


## Based numbers

Based numbers are used to perform computations in any base. The most common
bases used in computer science, 2, 8, 10 and 16, have special shortcuts.
The [Bases Menu](#bases-menu) list operations on based numbers.

Like integers, based numbers can be [arbitrary large](#big-integers).
However, operations on based numbers can be truncated to a specific number of
bits using the [STWS](#stws) command. This makes it possible to perform
computations simulating a 16-bit or 256-bit processor.


## Complex numbers

Complex numbers can be represented in rectangular form or polar form.
The rectangular form will show as something like `2+3ⅈ` on the display, where
`2` is the real part and `3` is the imaginary part. The polar form will show as
something like `1∡90°` on the display, where `1` is the modulus and `90°` is the
argument. The two forms can be mixed and matched in operations. The calculator
typically selects the most efficient form for a given operation.

Available operations on complex numbers include basic arithmetic, trigonometric,
logarithms, exponential and hyperbolic functions, as well as a few specific
functions such as [conj](#conj) or [arg](#arg). These functions are available in
the [Complex Menu](#complex-menu).


## Equations

Algebraic expressions and equations are represented between quotes, for example
`X+1` or `A+B=C`. Many functions such as circular functions, exponential, logs
or hyperbolic functions can apply to algebraic expressions.


## Lists

Lists are sequence of items between curly braces, such as `{ 1 'A' "Hello" }`.
They can contain an arbitrary number of elements, and can be nested.

Operations such as `sin` apply to all elements on a list.


## Vectors and matrices

Vector and matrices represent tables of numbers, and are represented between
square brackets, for example `[1 2 3]` for a vector and `[[1 2] [3 4]` for a 2x2
matrix.

Vector and matrices follow their own arithmetic rules. Vectors are
one-dimensional, matrices are two-dimensional. DB48X also supports tables with a
higher number of dimensions, but only offers limited operations on them.

DB48X implements vector addition, subtraction, multipplication and division,
which apply component-wise. Multiplication and division are an extension
compared to the HP48.

DB48X also implements matrix addition, subtraction, multiplication and
division. Like on the HP48, the division of matrix `A` by matrix `B` is
interpreted as left-multiplying `A` by the inverse of `B`.

As another extension, algebraic functions such as `sin` apply to all elements in
a vector or matrix in turn.


## Units

Unit objects represent values with an associated unit. They are represented
using the `_` operator, e.g. `1_km/s`, although on display this operator is
shown as a thin space, e.g. `1 km/s`.

Units as implemented in DB48X are modernized compared to what the HP48
implements, and differ from the HP RPL implementation in the following ways:

* Add [recent SI prefixes](https://www.nist.gov/pml/owm/metric-si-prefixes),
  Z (zetta), Y (yotta), R (ronna) and Q (quetta) for large scale,
  z (zepto), y (yocto), r (ronto) and q (quecto) for small scale.

* Take into account the impact on unit conversions of the
  [revised 2023 definition of the foot](https://www.nist.gov/pml/us-surveyfoot/revised-unit-conversion-factors).

* Use exact (fraction-based) conversions wherever possible. This notably matters
  for the conversions of pre-2023 US Survey units, where the ratio is
  `1_ft = 1200/3937_m`, which is not well represented using decimal values.

* Add computer-related units, like the `byte`, the `bit`, the `baud`, as well
  as a menu supporting these units.

* In order to support the computer-related units better, also recognize the
  [power-of-two variants](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kilobyte),
  e.g. `1_kiB` is `1024_B`. Also recogize the `K` prefix in addition to `k`.

Commit message:

Rename `equation` as `expression`
The `equation` type does not really represent equations (it may)
but arithmetic expressions.

Fixes: #518

Signed-off-by: Christophe de Dinechin <christophe@dinechin.org>

doc/3-Types.md, after:

# Types

DB48X, [like HP RPL](#rich-data-types), supports a wide variety of data types.


## Integers

The DB48X version of RPL distinguishes between integer values, like `123`, and
[decimal values](#decimal-numbers), like `123.` Integer values are represented
internally in a compact and efficient format, saving memory and making
computations faster. All values between -127 and 127 can be stored in two bytes.
All values between -16383 and 16383 in three bytes.

Integers can be [as large as memory permits](#big-integers).


## Big integers

The DB48X version of RPL can perform computations on arbitrarily large integers,
limited only by available memory, enabling for example the exact computation of
`100!` and making it possible to address problems that require exact integer
computations, like exploring the Syracuse conjecture.


## Decimal numbers

Decimal numbers are used to represent values with a fractional part.
DB48X supports three decimal numbers, using the 32-bit, 64-bit and 128-bit
[binary decimal representation](#intel-decimal-floating-point-math).
In memory, all decimal numbers use one additional byte: a 32-bit decimal number
uses 5 bytes, a 128-bit binary decimal number uses 17 bytes.

The 32-bit format offers a 7 digits mantissa and has a maximum exponent
of 96. The 64-bit format offers a 16 digits mantissa and has a maximum
exponent of 384. The 128-bit format offers a 34 digits mantissa and a maximum
exponent of 6144.

The [Precision](#precision) command selects the default precision.

Note that a future implementation of DB48X is expected to feature
variable-precision decimal numbers similar to [newRPL](#newRPL-project).


## Based numbers

Based numbers are used to perform computations in any base. The most common
bases used in computer science, 2, 8, 10 and 16, have special shortcuts.
The [Bases Menu](#bases-menu) list operations on based numbers.

Like integers, based numbers can be [arbitrary large](#big-integers).
However, operations on based numbers can be truncated to a specific number of
bits using the [STWS](#stws) command. This makes it possible to perform
computations simulating a 16-bit or 256-bit processor.


## Complex numbers

Complex numbers can be represented in rectangular form or polar form.
The rectangular form will show as something like `2+3ⅈ` on the display, where
`2` is the real part and `3` is the imaginary part. The polar form will show as
something like `1∡90°` on the display, where `1` is the modulus and `90°` is the
argument. The two forms can be mixed and matched in operations. The calculator
typically selects the most efficient form for a given operation.

Available operations on complex numbers include basic arithmetic, trigonometric,
logarithms, exponential and hyperbolic functions, as well as a few specific
functions such as [conj](#conj) or [arg](#arg). These functions are available in
the [Complex Menu](#complex-menu).


## Expressions

Algebraic expressions and equations are represented between quotes, for example
`X+1` or `A+B=C`. Many functions such as circular functions, exponential, logs
or hyperbolic functions can apply to algebraic expressions.

An expression that contains an equal sign, e.g. `sin X + 1 = cos X`, is called
an *equation*. It can be given as an argument to the solver.


## Lists

Lists are sequence of items between curly braces, such as `{ 1 'A' "Hello" }`.
They can contain an arbitrary number of elements, and can be nested.

Operations such as `sin` apply to all elements on a list.


## Vectors and matrices

Vector and matrices represent tables of numbers, and are represented between
square brackets, for example `[1 2 3]` for a vector and `[[1 2] [3 4]` for a 2x2
matrix.

Vector and matrices follow their own arithmetic rules. Vectors are
one-dimensional, matrices are two-dimensional. DB48X also supports tables with a
higher number of dimensions, but only offers limited operations on them.

DB48X implements vector addition, subtraction, multipplication and division,
which apply component-wise. Multiplication and division are an extension
compared to the HP48.

DB48X also implements matrix addition, subtraction, multiplication and
division. Like on the HP48, the division of matrix `A` by matrix `B` is
interpreted as left-multiplying `A` by the inverse of `B`.

As another extension, algebraic functions such as `sin` apply to all elements in
a vector or matrix in turn.


## Units

Unit objects represent values with an associated unit. They are represented
using the `_` operator, e.g. `1_km/s`, although on display this operator is
shown as a thin space, e.g. `1 km/s`.

Units as implemented in DB48X are modernized compared to what the HP48
implements, and differ from the HP RPL implementation in the following ways:

* Add [recent SI prefixes](https://www.nist.gov/pml/owm/metric-si-prefixes),
  Z (zetta), Y (yotta), R (ronna) and Q (quetta) for large scale,
  z (zepto), y (yocto), r (ronto) and q (quecto) for small scale.

* Take into account the impact on unit conversions of the
  [revised 2023 definition of the foot](https://www.nist.gov/pml/us-surveyfoot/revised-unit-conversion-factors).

* Use exact (fraction-based) conversions wherever possible. This notably matters
  for the conversions of pre-2023 US Survey units, where the ratio is
  `1_ft = 1200/3937_m`, which is not well represented using decimal values.

* Add computer-related units, like the `byte`, the `bit`, the `baud`, as well
  as a menu supporting these units.

* In order to support the computer-related units better, also recognize the
  [power-of-two variants](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kilobyte),
  e.g. `1_kiB` is `1024_B`. Also recogize the `K` prefix in addition to `k`.
