doc/6-Performance.md, before:

# Performance measurements

This sections tracks some performance measurements across releases.


## NQueens (DM42)

Performance recording for various releases on DM42 with `small` option (which is
the only one that fits all releases). This is for the same `NQueens` benchmark,
all times in milliseconds, best of 5 runs, on USB power, with presumably no GC.


| Version | Time    | PGM Size  | QSPI Size | Note                    |
|---------|---------|-----------|-----------|-------------------------|
| 0.4.9+  | 1070    | 650116    |           | Focused optimizations   |
| 0.4.9+  | 1175    |           |           | Range-based type checks |
| 0.4.9+  | 1215    |           |           | Remove busy animation   |
| 0.4.9   | 1447    | 646028    | 1531868   | No LastArgs in progs    |
| 0.4.8   | 1401    | 633932    | 1531868   |                         |
| 0.4.7   | 1397    | 628188    | 1531868   |                         |
| 0.4.6   | 1380    | 629564    | 1531868   |                         |
| 0.4.5   | 1383    | 624572    | 1531868   |                         |
| 0.4.4   | 1377    | 624656    | 1531868   | Implements Undo/LastArg |
| 0.4.3S  | 1278    | 617300    | 1523164   | 0.4.3 build "small"     |
| 0.4.3   | 1049    | 717964    | 1524812   | Switch to -Os           |
| 0.4.2   | 1022    | 708756    | 1524284   |                         |
| 0.4.1   | 1024    | 687444    | 1522788   |                         |
| 0.4     |  998    | 656516    | 1521748   | Feature tests 7541edf   |
| 0.3.1   |  746    | 618884    | 1517620   | Faster busy 3f3ab4b     |
| 0.3     |  640    | 610820    | 1516900   | Busy anim 4ab3c97       |
| 0.2.4   |  522    | 597372    | 1514292   |                         |
| 0.2.3   |  526    | 594724    | 1514276   | Switching to -O2        |
| 0.2.2   |  723    | 540292    | 1512980   |                         |


## NQueens (DM32)

Performance recording for various releases on DM32 with `fast` build option.
This is for the same `NQueens` benchmark, all times in milliseconds,
best of 5 runs. There is no GC column, because it's harder to trigger given how
much more memory the calculator has. Also, experimentally, the numbers for the
USB and battery measurements are almost identical at the moment. As I understand
it, there are plans for a USB overclock like on the DM42, but at the moment it
is not there.


| Version | Time    | PGM Size  | QSPI Size | Note                    |
|---------|---------|-----------|-----------|-------------------------|
| 0.4.9+  | 1803    | 731052    |           | Focused optimizations   |
| 0.4.9   | 2156    | 772732    | 1534316   | No LastArg in progs     |
| 0.4.8   | 2201    | 749892    | 1534316   |                         |
| 0.4.7   | 2209    | 742868    | 1534316   |                         |
| 0.4.6   | 2204    | 743492    | 1534316   |                         |
| 0.4.5   | 2171    | 730092    | 1534316   |                         |
| 0.4.4   | 2170    | 730076    | 1534316   | Implements Undo/LastArg |
| 0.4.3   | 2081    | 718020    | 1527092   |                         |
| 0.4.2   | 2242    | 708756    | 1524284   |                         |
| 0.4.1   | 2152    | 687500    | 1522788   |                         |
| 0.4     |         |           |           | Feature tests 7541edf   |
| 0.3.1   |         |           |           |                         |
| 0.3     |         |           |           |                         |
| 0.2.4   |         |           |           |                         |
| 0.2.3   |         |           |           |                         |

Commit message:

runtime: Remove the `execute` callback
Defer program and expression execution to the `program` class.
This allows us to remove `execute()`, which applies to every object,
with `run()`, which only exists for `program`. There is also a
`program::run()` static member that dynamic checks if we should run
`evaluate()` or if we can `run()`.

Also reimplement `while`, `until`, `if`, `ift`and `ifte` using a
deferred conditional so as to avoid C++ stack recursion.

This allows us to have really good behaviour on tail recursion, see
the `Collatz` and `CBench` examples in the `Demo.48S` file. For this
particular case, DB48X on DM42 is 25x faster than the HP50G, which
becomes slower as the recursion depth increases.

Fixes: #537

Signed-off-by: Christophe de Dinechin <christophe@dinechin.org>

doc/6-Performance.md, after:

# Performance measurements

This sections tracks some performance measurements across releases.


## NQueens (DM42)

Performance recording for various releases on DM42 with `small` option (which is
the only one that fits all releases). This is for the same `NQueens` benchmark,
all times in milliseconds, best of 5 runs, on USB power, with presumably no GC.


| Version | Time    | PGM Size  | QSPI Size | Note                    |
|---------|---------|-----------|-----------|-------------------------|
| 0.4.10+ | 1205    | 651108    |           | RPL stack runloop       |
| 0.4.10  | 1070    | 650116    |           | Focused optimizations   |
| 0.4.9+  | 1175    |           |           | Range-based type checks |
| 0.4.9+  | 1215    |           |           | Remove busy animation   |
| 0.4.9   | 1447    | 646028    | 1531868   | No LastArgs in progs    |
| 0.4.8   | 1401    | 633932    | 1531868   |                         |
| 0.4.7   | 1397    | 628188    | 1531868   |                         |
| 0.4.6   | 1380    | 629564    | 1531868   |                         |
| 0.4.5   | 1383    | 624572    | 1531868   |                         |
| 0.4.4   | 1377    | 624656    | 1531868   | Implements Undo/LastArg |
| 0.4.3S  | 1278    | 617300    | 1523164   | 0.4.3 build "small"     |
| 0.4.3   | 1049    | 717964    | 1524812   | Switch to -Os           |
| 0.4.2   | 1022    | 708756    | 1524284   |                         |
| 0.4.1   | 1024    | 687444    | 1522788   |                         |
| 0.4     |  998    | 656516    | 1521748   | Feature tests 7541edf   |
| 0.3.1   |  746    | 618884    | 1517620   | Faster busy 3f3ab4b     |
| 0.3     |  640    | 610820    | 1516900   | Busy anim 4ab3c97       |
| 0.2.4   |  522    | 597372    | 1514292   |                         |
| 0.2.3   |  526    | 594724    | 1514276   | Switching to -O2        |
| 0.2.2   |  723    | 540292    | 1512980   |                         |


## NQueens (DM32)

Performance recording for various releases on DM32 with `fast` build option.
This is for the same `NQueens` benchmark, all times in milliseconds,
best of 5 runs. There is no GC column, because it's harder to trigger given how
much more memory the calculator has. Also, experimentally, the numbers for the
USB and battery measurements are almost identical at the moment. As I understand
it, there are plans for a USB overclock like on the DM42, but at the moment it
is not there.


| Version | Time    | PGM Size  | QSPI Size | Note                    |
|---------|---------|-----------|-----------|-------------------------|
| 0.4.10+ | 1804    | 761252    |           | RPL stack runloop       |
| 0.4.10  | 1803    | 731052    |           | Focused optimizations   |
| 0.4.9   | 2156    | 772732    | 1534316   | No LastArg in progs     |
| 0.4.8   | 2201    | 749892    | 1534316   |                         |
| 0.4.7   | 2209    | 742868    | 1534316   |                         |
| 0.4.6   | 2204    | 743492    | 1534316   |                         |
| 0.4.5   | 2171    | 730092    | 1534316   |                         |
| 0.4.4   | 2170    | 730076    | 1534316   | Implements Undo/LastArg |
| 0.4.3   | 2081    | 718020    | 1527092   |                         |
| 0.4.2   | 2242    | 708756    | 1524284   |                         |
| 0.4.1   | 2152    | 687500    | 1522788   |                         |
| 0.4     |         |           |           | Feature tests 7541edf   |
| 0.3.1   |         |           |           |                         |
| 0.3     |         |           |           |                         |
| 0.2.4   |         |           |           |                         |
| 0.2.3   |         |           |           |                         |


## Collatz conjecture check

This test checks the tail recursion optimization in the RPL interpreter.
The code can be found in the `CBench` program in the `Demo.48S` state.
The HP48 cannot run the benchmark because it does not have integer arithmetic.

Timing on 0.4.10 are:

* HP50G: 397.438s
* DM32: 28.507s (14x faster)
* DM42: 15.769s (25x faster)
