doc/commands/arithmetic.md, before:

# Integer arithmetic and polynomials

## SETPREC
Set the current system precision


## GETPREC
Get the current system precision


## FLOOR
Largest integer less than the input


## CEIL
Smallest integer larger than the input


## IP
Integer part of a number


## FP
Fractional part of a number


## MODSTO
Set the current system modulo for all MOD operations


## MODRCL
Get the current system modulo


## POWMOD
Power operator MOD the current system modulo


## MOD
Remainder of the integer division


## SQ
Square of the input


## NEXTPRIME
Smallest prime number larger than the input


## FACTORIAL
Factorial of a number


## ISPRIME
Return true/false (1/0) if a number is prime or not


## MANT
Mantissa of a real number (M*10<sup>exp</sup>)


## XPON
Exponent of a number represented as (M*10<sup>exp</sup>)


## SIGN
Sign of a number


## PERCENT
Percentage of a number


## PERCENTCH
Percentage of change on a number


## PERCENTTOT
Get percentage of a total


## GCD
Greatest common divisor


## LCM
Least common multiple


## IDIV2
Integer division, get quoteiant and remainder


## IQUOT
Quotient of the integer division


## ADDTMOD
Addition operator MOD the current system modulo


## SUBTMOD
Subtraction operator MOD the current system modulo


## MULTMOD
Multiplication operator MOD the current system modulo


## PEVAL
Evaluation of polynomial given as vector of coefficients


## PCOEF
Coefficients of monic polynomial with the given roots


## IEGCD
Extended euclidean algorithm


## IABCUV
Find integers u,v to solve a*u+b*v=c


## PTCHEBYCHEFF
Nth Tchebycheff polynomial


## PLEGENDRE
Nth Legendre polynomial


## PHERMITE
Nth Hermite polynomial as used by physics


## PTCHEBYCHEFF2
Nth Tchebycheff polynomial of the second kind


## PHERMITE2
Nth Hermite polynomial as used in probabilities


## DIV2
Polynomial euclidean division as symbolic


## PDIV2
Polynomial euclidean division as coefficient vector


## PDER
Derivative of polynomial as coefficient vector


## PINT
Integration of polynomials as coefficient vector


## PMUL
Multiplication of polynomials as coefficient vectors


## PADD
Addition of polynomials as coefficient vector


## PSUB
Subtraction of polynomials as coefficient vector


## MIN
Smallest of 2 objects


## MAX
Largest of 2 objects


## RND
Round a number to the given number of figures


## TRNC
Truncate a number to the given number of figures


## DIGITS
Extract digits from a real number


## PROOT
All roots of a polynomial


## PREVPRIME
Largest prime smaller than the input


## FACTORS
Factorize a polynomial or number

Commit message:

Add the sign function
This is necessary to correctly express the complex square root

Signed-off-by: Christophe de Dinechin <christophe@dinechin.org>

doc/commands/arithmetic.md, after:

# Integer arithmetic and polynomials

## SETPREC
Set the current system precision


## GETPREC
Get the current system precision


## FLOOR
Largest integer less than the input


## CEIL
Smallest integer larger than the input


## IP
Integer part of a number


## FP
Fractional part of a number


## MODSTO
Set the current system modulo for all MOD operations


## MODRCL
Get the current system modulo


## POWMOD
Power operator MOD the current system modulo


## MOD
Remainder of the integer division


## SQ
Square of the input


## NEXTPRIME
Smallest prime number larger than the input


## FACTORIAL
Factorial of a number


## ISPRIME
Return true/false (1/0) if a number is prime or not


## MANT
Mantissa of a real number (M*10<sup>exp</sup>)


## XPON
Exponent of a number represented as (M*10<sup>exp</sup>)


## SIGN
Sign of a number, -1, 0 or 1.

For complex numbers, returns a unit number on the unit circle with the same
argument as the original number.


## PERCENT
Percentage of a number


## PERCENTCH
Percentage of change on a number


## PERCENTTOT
Get percentage of a total


## GCD
Greatest common divisor


## LCM
Least common multiple


## IDIV2
Integer division, get quoteiant and remainder


## IQUOT
Quotient of the integer division


## ADDTMOD
Addition operator MOD the current system modulo


## SUBTMOD
Subtraction operator MOD the current system modulo


## MULTMOD
Multiplication operator MOD the current system modulo


## PEVAL
Evaluation of polynomial given as vector of coefficients


## PCOEF
Coefficients of monic polynomial with the given roots


## IEGCD
Extended euclidean algorithm


## IABCUV
Find integers u,v to solve a*u+b*v=c


## PTCHEBYCHEFF
Nth Tchebycheff polynomial


## PLEGENDRE
Nth Legendre polynomial


## PHERMITE
Nth Hermite polynomial as used by physics


## PTCHEBYCHEFF2
Nth Tchebycheff polynomial of the second kind


## PHERMITE2
Nth Hermite polynomial as used in probabilities


## DIV2
Polynomial euclidean division as symbolic


## PDIV2
Polynomial euclidean division as coefficient vector


## PDER
Derivative of polynomial as coefficient vector


## PINT
Integration of polynomials as coefficient vector


## PMUL
Multiplication of polynomials as coefficient vectors


## PADD
Addition of polynomials as coefficient vector


## PSUB
Subtraction of polynomials as coefficient vector


## MIN
Smallest of 2 objects


## MAX
Largest of 2 objects


## RND
Round a number to the given number of figures


## TRNC
Truncate a number to the given number of figures


## DIGITS
Extract digits from a real number


## PROOT
All roots of a polynomial


## PREVPRIME
Largest prime smaller than the input


## FACTORS
Factorize a polynomial or number
