doc/commands/docol2.md, before:

# Flow control

## If

The `if` statement provides conditional structurs that let a program make decisions. It comes in two forms:

* `if` *condition* `then` *true-clause* `end`: This evaluates *condition* and, if true, evaluates *true-clause*.

* `if` *condition* `then` *true-clause* `else` *false-clause* `end`: This evaluates *condition* and, if true, evaluates *true-clause*, otherwise evaluates *false-clause*.

A condition is true if:
* It is a number with a non-zero value
* It is the word `True`

A condition is false if:
* It is a number with a zero value
* It is the word `False`


## CASE
Conditional CASE ... THEN ... END THEN ... END END statement


## THENCASE
Conditional CASE ... THEN ... END THEN ... END END statement


## ENDTHEN
Conditional CASE ... THEN ... END THEN ... END END statement


## ENDCASE
Conditional CASE ... THEN ... END THEN ... END END statement


## FOR
Loop FOR ... NEXT/STEP statement


## START
Loop START ... NEXT/STEP statement


## NEXT
Loop FOR/START ... NEXT statement


## STEP
Loop FOR/START ... STEP statement


## DO
Loop DO ... UNTIL ... END statement


## UNTIL
Loop DO ... UNTIL ... END statement


## ENDDO
Loop DO ... UNTIL ... END statement


## WHILE
Loop WHILE ... REPEAT ... END statement


## REPEAT
Loop WHILE ... REPEAT ... END statement


## ENDWHILE
Loop WHILE ... REPEAT ... END statement


## IFERR
Conditional IFERR ... THEN ... ELSE ... END statement


## THENERR
Conditional IFERR ... THEN ... ELSE ... END statement


## ELSEERR
Conditional IFERR ... THEN ... ELSE ... END statement


## ENDERR
Conditional IFERR ... THEN ... ELSE ... END statement


## FORUP
Loop FORUP ... NEXT/STEP statement


## FORDN
Loop FORUP ... NEXT/STEP statement

Commit message:

rpl: Implement case statement
Implement the RPL `case` statement, including a `case...when`
extension to traditional RPL.

The `case` statement can be used to select one case among many.
Inside a `case`, there is a list of conditions, each followed by
`then` or `when`. Code following `then` or `when` is executed when the
condition is met.

* A condition preceding `then` is a boolean condition, similar to the
  condition in an `if` statement.

* A condition preceding `when` is a value that must match the current
  value on the stack exactly.

For example, the following tests the sign of `X`:

```
X
case
  dup 0 < then "Neg" end
  dup 0 > then "Pos" end
  "Zero"
end
```

The `when` syntax is useful to test exact values, for example, you can
check return the spelling of the ten digits with:

```
X
case
   0 when "zero"  end
   1 when "one"   end
   2 when "two"   end
   3 when "three" end
   4 when "four"  end
   5 when "five"  end
   6 when "size"  end
   7 when "seven" end
   8 when "eight" end
   9 when "nine"  end
end
```

Fixes: #374

Signed-off-by: Christophe de Dinechin <christophe@dinechin.org>

doc/commands/docol2.md, after:

# Flow control

## If

The `if` statement provides conditional structurs that let a program make
decisions. It comes in two forms:

* `if` *condition* `then` *true-clause* `end`: This evaluates *condition* and,
  if true, evaluates *true-clause*.

* `if` *condition* `then` *true-clause* `else` *false-clause* `end`: This
  evaluates *condition* and, if true, evaluates *true-clause*, otherwise
  evaluates *false-clause*.

A condition is true if:
* It is a number with a non-zero value
* It is the word `True`

A condition is false if:
* It is a number with a zero value
* It is the word `False`


## Case

The `case` statement can be used to select one case among many.
Inside a `case`, there is a list of conditions, each followed by `then` or
`when`. Code following `then` or `when` is executed when the condition is met.

* A condition preceding `then` is a boolean condition, similar to the condition
  in an `if` statement.

* A condition preceding `when` is a value that must match the current value on
  the stack exactly.

For example, `X case dup 0 < then "N" end dup 0 > then "P" end "Z" end`
will return the value `"N"`, `"P"` or `"Z"` depending on whether `X` is
negative, positive or null.

The `when` syntax is useful to test exact values, for example
`X case 0 when "zero" end 1 when "one" end 2 when "two" end end` will compute
the English spelling for value `0`, `1` and `2`.


## THENCASE
Conditional CASE ... THEN ... END THEN ... END END statement


## ENDTHEN
Conditional CASE ... THEN ... END THEN ... END END statement


## ENDCASE
Conditional CASE ... THEN ... END THEN ... END END statement


## FOR
Loop FOR ... NEXT/STEP statement


## START
Loop START ... NEXT/STEP statement


## NEXT
Loop FOR/START ... NEXT statement


## STEP
Loop FOR/START ... STEP statement


## DO
Loop DO ... UNTIL ... END statement


## UNTIL
Loop DO ... UNTIL ... END statement


## ENDDO
Loop DO ... UNTIL ... END statement


## WHILE
Loop WHILE ... REPEAT ... END statement


## REPEAT
Loop WHILE ... REPEAT ... END statement


## ENDWHILE
Loop WHILE ... REPEAT ... END statement


## IFERR
Conditional IFERR ... THEN ... ELSE ... END statement


## THENERR
Conditional IFERR ... THEN ... ELSE ... END statement


## ELSEERR
Conditional IFERR ... THEN ... ELSE ... END statement


## ENDERR
Conditional IFERR ... THEN ... ELSE ... END statement


## FORUP
Loop FORUP ... NEXT/STEP statement


## FORDN
Loop FORUP ... NEXT/STEP statement
