doc/commands/lists.md, before:

# Operations with data

Data in RPL is generally represented using lists, such as `{ {1 2 } 3 "A"}`.
Numerical data can be represented using arrays, such as `[1 2 3 4]`. In the
DB48X implementation of RPL, arrays and list can have any number of dimensions,
and are not necessarily rectangular, although some operations (e.g. matrix
operations using arrays as input) can impose stricter constraints.


## →List (ToList)

Build a list from elements on the stack. Level 1 of the stack contains the
number of elements in the list. The elements are on the stack, the first element
being deepest in the stack. This is the opposite of [List→](#fromlist).

`A` `B` ... `Count` ▶ `{ A B ... }`

## List→ (FromList)

Expand a list on the stack and return the number of elements. After executing
the command, level 1 contains the number of elements, and a corresponding number
of stack levels contain individual elements of the list, the first element being
at the deepest level in the stack. This is the opposite of [→List](#tolist). The
[Obj→](#explode) command performs the same operation when applied to a list.

`{ A B ... }` ▶ `A` `B` ... `Count`


## List→ (FromList)

Expand a list on the stack and return the number of elements. After executing
the command, level 1 contains the number of elements, and a corresponding number
of stack levels contain individual elements of the list, the first element being
at the deepest level in the stack. This is the opposite of [→List](#tolist). The
[Obj→](#fromobj) command performs the same operation when applied to a list.

`{ A B ... }` ▶ `A` `B` ... `Count`

## Head

Return the first element of a list, or an `Invalid dimension` error if the list
is empty.

`{ A B ... }` ▶ `A`

## Tail

Return all but the first element of a list, or an `Invalid dimension` error if
the list is empty.

`{ A B ... }` ▶ `{ B ... }`


## INNERCOMP
Split a list into its elements


## CMDDOLIST
Do a procedure with elements of lists


## DOSUBS
Do a procedure on a subset of a list


## MAP
Do a procedure on each element of a list, recursively


## MAPINNERCOMP
Do a procedure on each element recursively, return individual elements


## STREAM
Do a procedure on consecutive elements of a list


## DELTALIST
First differences on the elements of a list


## SUMLIST
Sum of all elements in a list


## PRODLIST
Product of all elements in a list

## Get

Get an element from composite data, such as list, an array or a text.
Elements are numbered starting at 1. The index can itself be a list, which is
interpreted as successive indices in the data.

For example,
`{ A B C } 2 GET` returns `B`,
`"ABC" 3 GET` returns `"C"`,
`[ [ 1 2 ] [ 4 5 ] [ 5 6 ] ] { 2 2 } GET` returns `5`.

When the data is a name, data is feched directly from the given named variable.

`Data` `Index` ▶ `Element`


## Put

Put an element into composite data, such as list, an array or a text.
This performs the opposite operation compared to `Get`.

Elements are numbered starting at 1. The index can itself be a list, which is
interpreted as successive indices in the data.

For example,
`{ A B C } 2 'X' PUT` returns `{ A X C }`,
`"ABC" 2 "Hello" PUT` returns `"AHelloC"`,
`[ [ 1 2 ] [ 4 5 ] [ 5 6 ] ] { 2 2 } 7 PUT` returns `[ [ 1 2 ] [4 7 ] [5 6] ]`.

When the data is a name, data is feched directly from the given named variable.

`Data` `Index` ▶ `Element`


## Sort

Sort elements in a list or array, sorting by increasing values when comparing
numers, text or symbols.

This may be a little slower than `QuickSort`, but is useful to sort
lists or arrays of numerical values or text values.

## QuickSort

Sort elements in a list or array using the memory representation of objects.
This guarantees a consistent sorting order, but one that does not necessarily
preserve numerical or textual properties, unlike `Sort`. Comparisons are,
however, significantly faster than `Sort`.

## ReverseSort

Sort a list or array by value, in reverse order compared to `Sort`.

## ReverseQuickSort

Sort a list or array using the memory representation of objects, in reverse
order compared to `QuickSort`.

## ReverseList (REVLIST)

Reverse the order of elements in a list


## ADDROT
Add elements to a list, keep only the last N elements


## SEQ
Assemble a list from results of sequential procedure

Commit message:

list: Implement `map`, `reduce` and `filter`
`Map` applies an operation on all elements in a list or array. The
operation on the first level of the stack should take one argument and
return a single value.

`Reduce` applies a cumulative pairwise operation on all elements in a
list or array.  The operation on the first level of the stack should
take two arguments and combine them into a single value. The result is
the repeated application of that operation to all elements.

`Filter` selects elements in a list of array based on a predicate. The
predicate given on level 1 of the stack takes a value as argument, and
returns a truth values. The resulting list is built with all elements
where the predicate is true.

Fixes: #613

Signed-off-by: Christophe de Dinechin <christophe@dinechin.org>

doc/commands/lists.md, after:

# Operations with data

Data in RPL is generally represented using lists, such as `{ {1 2 } 3 "A"}`.
Numerical data can be represented using arrays, such as `[1 2 3 4]`. In the
DB48X implementation of RPL, arrays and list can have any number of dimensions,
and are not necessarily rectangular, although some operations (e.g. matrix
operations using arrays as input) can impose stricter constraints.


## →List (ToList)

Build a list from elements on the stack. Level 1 of the stack contains the
number of elements in the list. The elements are on the stack, the first element
being deepest in the stack. This is the opposite of [List→](#fromlist).

`A` `B` ... `Count` ▶ `{ A B ... }`

## List→ (FromList)

Expand a list on the stack and return the number of elements. After executing
the command, level 1 contains the number of elements, and a corresponding number
of stack levels contain individual elements of the list, the first element being
at the deepest level in the stack. This is the opposite of [→List](#tolist). The
[Obj→](#explode) command performs the same operation when applied to a list.

`{ A B ... }` ▶ `A` `B` ... `Count`


## List→ (FromList)

Expand a list on the stack and return the number of elements. After executing
the command, level 1 contains the number of elements, and a corresponding number
of stack levels contain individual elements of the list, the first element being
at the deepest level in the stack. This is the opposite of [→List](#tolist). The
[Obj→](#fromobj) command performs the same operation when applied to a list.

`{ A B ... }` ▶ `A` `B` ... `Count`

## Head

Return the first element of a list, or an `Invalid dimension` error if the list
is empty.

`{ A B ... }` ▶ `A`

## Tail

Return all but the first element of a list, or an `Invalid dimension` error if
the list is empty.

`{ A B ... }` ▶ `{ B ... }`

## Map

Apply an operation on all elements in a list or array. The operation on the
first level of the stack should take one argument and return a single value.

`{ A B ... }` `F` ▶ `{ F(A) F(B) ... }`

## Reduce

Apply a cumulative pairwise operation on all elements in a list or array.
The operation on the first level of the stack should take two arguments and
combine them into a single value. The result is the repeated application of that
operation to all elements.

`{ A B ... }` `F` ▶ `F(F(A, B), ...)`


## Filter

Filter elements in a list of array based on a predicate. The predicate given on
level 1 of the stack takes a value as argument, and returns a truth values. The
resulting list is built with all elements where the predicate is true.

`{ A B ... }` `P` ▶ `{ A ... }` if `P(A)` is true and `P(B)` is false.


## Get

Get an element from composite data, such as list, an array or a text.
Elements are numbered starting at 1. The index can itself be a list, which is
interpreted as successive indices in the data.

For example,
`{ A B C } 2 GET` returns `B`,
`"ABC" 3 GET` returns `"C"`,
`[ [ 1 2 ] [ 4 5 ] [ 5 6 ] ] { 2 2 } GET` returns `5`.

When the data is a name, data is feched directly from the given named variable.

`Data` `Index` ▶ `Element`


## Put

Put an element into composite data, such as list, an array or a text.
This performs the opposite operation compared to `Get`.

Elements are numbered starting at 1. The index can itself be a list, which is
interpreted as successive indices in the data.

For example,
`{ A B C } 2 'X' PUT` returns `{ A X C }`,
`"ABC" 2 "Hello" PUT` returns `"AHelloC"`,
`[ [ 1 2 ] [ 4 5 ] [ 5 6 ] ] { 2 2 } 7 PUT` returns `[ [ 1 2 ] [4 7 ] [5 6] ]`.

When the data is a name, data is feched directly from the given named variable.

`Data` `Index` ▶ `Element`


## Sort

Sort elements in a list or array, sorting by increasing values when comparing
numers, text or symbols.

This may be a little slower than `QuickSort`, but is useful to sort
lists or arrays of numerical values or text values.

## QuickSort

Sort elements in a list or array using the memory representation of objects.
This guarantees a consistent sorting order, but one that does not necessarily
preserve numerical or textual properties, unlike `Sort`. Comparisons are,
however, significantly faster than `Sort`.

## ReverseSort

Sort a list or array by value, in reverse order compared to `Sort`.

## ReverseQuickSort

Sort a list or array using the memory representation of objects, in reverse
order compared to `QuickSort`.

## ReverseList (REVLIST)

Reverse the order of elements in a list


## ADDROT
Add elements to a list, keep only the last N elements


## SEQ
Assemble a list from results of sequential procedure
