doc/commands/settings.md, before:

# Settings

The calculator has a number of user-configurable settings:

* [Display](#Display settings)
* [Angles](#Angle settings)
* [Command display](#Command display)
* [Decimal separator](#Decimal separator settings)
* [Precision](#Precision settings)
* [Base](#Base settings)

The current preferences can be retrieved and saved using the `Modes` command.

## Modes

Returns a program that will restore the current settings. This program can be saved into a variable to quickly restore a carefully crafted set of preferences. Note that the calculator automatically restores the mode when it [loads a state](#States).

# Display settings

The display mode controls how DB48X displays numbers. Regardless of the display
mode, numbers are always stored with full precision.

DB48X has five display mode (one more than the HP48)s:

* [Standard mode](#StandardDisplay)
* [Fixed mode](#FixedDisplay)
* [Scientific mode](#ScientificDisplay)
* [Engineering mode](#EngineeringDisplay))
* [Significant digits mode](#SignificantDisplay))

## StandardDisplay (STD)

Display numbers using full precision. All significant digts to the right of the
decimal separator are shown, up to 34 digits.

## FixedDisplay (FIX)

Display numbers rounded to a specific number of decimal places.

## ScientificDisplay (SCI)

Display numbers in scientific notation, i.e. with a mantissa and an
exponent. The mantissa has one digit to the left of the decimal separator and
shows the specified number of decimal places.

## EngineeringDisplay (SCI)

Display nunmbers as a mantissa with a sepcified number of digits, followed by an
exponent that is a multiple of 3.

## SignificantDisplay (SIG)

Display up to the given number of digits without trailing zero. This mode is
useful because DB48X can compute with large precision, and it may be useful to
not see all digits. `StndardDisplay` is equivalent to `34 SignificantDisplay`,
while `12 SignificantDisplay` should approximate the HP48 standard mode using
12 significant digits.

## StandardExponent

Select the maximum exponent before switching to scientific notation. The default value is 9, meaning that display uses scientific notation for exponents outside of -9..9.

## TrailingDecimal

Display a trailing decimal separator to distinguish decimal from integer types. With this setting, `1.0` will display as `1.`. This can be disabled with [NoTrailingDecimal](#NoTrailingDecimal).


## NoTrailingDecimal

Hide the trailing decimal separator for decimal values with no fractional part. In that mode, `1.0` and `1` will both display identically, although the internal representation is different, the former being a floating-point value while the latter is an integer value.

## FancyExponent

Display the exponent in scientific mode using a fancy rendering that is visually similar to the normal mathematical notation.

## ClassicExponent

Display the exponent in scientific mode in a way reminiscent of classical HP48 calculators, for example `1.23E-4`.

# Angle settings

The angle mode determines how the calculator interprets angle arguments and how
it returns angle results.

DB48X has four angle modes:

* [Degrees](#Degrees): A full circle is 360 degress
* [Radians](#Radians): A full circle is 2π radians
* [Grads](#Grads): A full circle is 400 radians
* [PiRadians](#PiRadians): Radians shown as multiple of π

## Degrees (DEG)

Select degrees as the angular unit. A full circle is 360 degrees.

## Radians (RAD)

Select radians as the angular unit. A full circle is 2π radians,
and the angle is shown as a numerical value.

## Grads (GRAD)

Select grads as the angular unit. A full circle is 400 grads.

## PiRadians (PIRAD)

Select multiples of π as the angular unit. A full circle is 2π radians,
shown as a multiple of π.


# Command display

DB48X can display commands either using a short legacy spelling, usually
identical to what is used on the HP-48 series of calculators, or use an
alternative longer spelling. For example, the command to store a value in a
variable is called `STO` in the HP-48, and can also be spelled `Store` in DB48X.

Commands are case insensitive, and all spellings are accepted as input
irrespective of the display mode.

DB48X has four command spelling modes:

* [Lowercase](#LowerCase): Display `sto`
* [Uppercase](#UpperCase): Display `STO`
* [Capitalized](#Capitalized): Display `Sto`
* [Long form](#LongForm): Display `Store`

## LowerCase

Display comands using the short form in lower case, for example `sto`.

## UpperCase

Display comands using the short form in upper case, for example `STO`.

## Capitalized

Display comands using the short form capitalized, for example `Sto`.

## LongForm

Display comands using the long form, for example `Store`.

# Decimal separator settings

The decimal separator can be either a dot (`1.23`) or a comma (`1,23`).

## DecimalDot

Select the dot as a decimal separator, e.g.  `1.23`

## DecimalComma

Select the comma as a decimal separator, e.g.  `1,23`

# Precision settings

## Precision

Set the default computation precision, given as a number of decimal digits. For example, `7 Precision` will ensure at least 7 decimal digits for compuation, and `1.0 3 /` will compute `0.3333333` in that case.

In the current implementation, this selects one of three decimal formats:

* The `decimal32` for up to 7 digits mantissa and an exponents up to 96
* The `decimal64` for up to 16 digits mantissa and an exponents up to 384
* The `decimal128` for up to 34 digits mantissa and an exponents up to 6144

The intent in the long run is to allow arbitrary precision like in newRPL.


# Base settings

Integer values can be reprecended in a number of different bases:

* [Binary](#Binary) is base 2
* [Ocgtal](#Octal) is base 8
* [Decimal](#Decimal) is base 10
* [Hexadecimal](#Hexadecimal) is base 16

## Binary (BIN)

Selects base 2

## Octal (OCT)

Selects base 8

## Decimal (DEC)

Selects base 10

## Hexadecimal (HEX)

Selects base 16

## Base

Select an arbitrary base for computations

## StoreWordSize (STWS)

Store the word size for binary computations

## WordSize (RCWS)

Recall the word size for binary computations

## MaxRewrites

Defines the maximum number of rewrites in an equation.

[Equations rewrites](#rewrite) can go into infinite loops, e.g. `'X+Y' 'A+B'
'B+A' rewrite` can never end, since it keeps rewriting terms. This setting
indicates how many attempts at rewriting will be done before erroring out.

## MaxBigNumBits

Define the maxmimum number of bits for a large integer.

Large integer operations can take a very long time, notably when displaying them
on the stack. With the default value of 1024 bits, you can compute `100!` but
computing `200!` will result in an error, `Number is too big`. You can however
compute it seting a higher value for `MaxBigNumBits`, for example
`2048 MaxBigNumBits`.


# States

The calculator can save and restore state in files with extension `.48S`.
This feature is available through the `Setup` menu (Shift-`0`).

The following information is stored in state files:

* Global variables
* Stack contents
* Settings

Commit message:

Implement →Num and →Q
Following several requests from various users, implement `→Num`
(converting numbers to decimal representation) and its counterpart,
`→Q` (converting numbers to fractions), including the special cases
for pi and i.

Fixes: #255
Fixes: #282

Signed-off-by: Christophe de Dinechin <christophe@dinechin.org>

doc/commands/settings.md, after:

# Settings

The calculator has a number of user-configurable settings:

* [Display](#Display settings)
* [Angles](#Angle settings)
* [Command display](#Command display)
* [Decimal separator](#Decimal separator settings)
* [Precision](#Precision settings)
* [Base](#Base settings)

The current preferences can be retrieved and saved using the `Modes` command.

## Modes

Returns a program that will restore the current settings. This program can be saved into a variable to quickly restore a carefully crafted set of preferences. Note that the calculator automatically restores the mode when it [loads a state](#States).

# Display settings

The display mode controls how DB48X displays numbers. Regardless of the display
mode, numbers are always stored with full precision.

DB48X has five display mode (one more than the HP48)s:

* [Standard mode](#StandardDisplay)
* [Fixed mode](#FixedDisplay)
* [Scientific mode](#ScientificDisplay)
* [Engineering mode](#EngineeringDisplay))
* [Significant digits mode](#SignificantDisplay))

## StandardDisplay (STD)

Display numbers using full precision. All significant digts to the right of the
decimal separator are shown, up to 34 digits.

## FixedDisplay (FIX)

Display numbers rounded to a specific number of decimal places.

## ScientificDisplay (SCI)

Display numbers in scientific notation, i.e. with a mantissa and an
exponent. The mantissa has one digit to the left of the decimal separator and
shows the specified number of decimal places.

## EngineeringDisplay (SCI)

Display nunmbers as a mantissa with a sepcified number of digits, followed by an
exponent that is a multiple of 3.

## SignificantDisplay (SIG)

Display up to the given number of digits without trailing zero. This mode is
useful because DB48X can compute with large precision, and it may be useful to
not see all digits. `StndardDisplay` is equivalent to `34 SignificantDisplay`,
while `12 SignificantDisplay` should approximate the HP48 standard mode using
12 significant digits.

## StandardExponent

Select the maximum exponent before switching to scientific notation. The default value is 9, meaning that display uses scientific notation for exponents outside of -9..9.

## TrailingDecimal

Display a trailing decimal separator to distinguish decimal from integer types. With this setting, `1.0` will display as `1.`. This can be disabled with [NoTrailingDecimal](#NoTrailingDecimal).


## NoTrailingDecimal

Hide the trailing decimal separator for decimal values with no fractional part. In that mode, `1.0` and `1` will both display identically, although the internal representation is different, the former being a floating-point value while the latter is an integer value.

## FancyExponent

Display the exponent in scientific mode using a fancy rendering that is visually similar to the normal mathematical notation.

## ClassicExponent

Display the exponent in scientific mode in a way reminiscent of classical HP48 calculators, for example `1.23E-4`.

# Angle settings

The angle mode determines how the calculator interprets angle arguments and how
it returns angle results.

DB48X has four angle modes:

* [Degrees](#Degrees): A full circle is 360 degress
* [Radians](#Radians): A full circle is 2π radians
* [Grads](#Grads): A full circle is 400 radians
* [PiRadians](#PiRadians): Radians shown as multiple of π

## Degrees (DEG)

Select degrees as the angular unit. A full circle is 360 degrees.

## Radians (RAD)

Select radians as the angular unit. A full circle is 2π radians,
and the angle is shown as a numerical value.

## Grads (GRAD)

Select grads as the angular unit. A full circle is 400 grads.

## PiRadians (PIRAD)

Select multiples of π as the angular unit. A full circle is 2π radians,
shown as a multiple of π.


# Command display

DB48X can display commands either using a short legacy spelling, usually
identical to what is used on the HP-48 series of calculators, or use an
alternative longer spelling. For example, the command to store a value in a
variable is called `STO` in the HP-48, and can also be spelled `Store` in DB48X.

Commands are case insensitive, and all spellings are accepted as input
irrespective of the display mode.

DB48X has four command spelling modes:

* [Lowercase](#LowerCase): Display `sto`
* [Uppercase](#UpperCase): Display `STO`
* [Capitalized](#Capitalized): Display `Sto`
* [Long form](#LongForm): Display `Store`

## LowerCase

Display comands using the short form in lower case, for example `sto`.

## UpperCase

Display comands using the short form in upper case, for example `STO`.

## Capitalized

Display comands using the short form capitalized, for example `Sto`.

## LongForm

Display comands using the long form, for example `Store`.

# Decimal separator settings

The decimal separator can be either a dot (`1.23`) or a comma (`1,23`).

## DecimalDot

Select the dot as a decimal separator, e.g.  `1.23`

## DecimalComma

Select the comma as a decimal separator, e.g.  `1,23`

# Precision settings

## Precision

Set the default computation precision, given as a number of decimal digits. For example, `7 Precision` will ensure at least 7 decimal digits for compuation, and `1.0 3 /` will compute `0.3333333` in that case.

In the current implementation, this selects one of three decimal formats:

* The `decimal32` for up to 7 digits mantissa and an exponents up to 96
* The `decimal64` for up to 16 digits mantissa and an exponents up to 384
* The `decimal128` for up to 34 digits mantissa and an exponents up to 6144

The intent in the long run is to allow arbitrary precision like in newRPL.


# Base settings

Integer values can be reprecended in a number of different bases:

* [Binary](#Binary) is base 2
* [Ocgtal](#Octal) is base 8
* [Decimal](#Decimal) is base 10
* [Hexadecimal](#Hexadecimal) is base 16

## Binary (BIN)

Selects base 2

## Octal (OCT)

Selects base 8

## Decimal (DEC)

Selects base 10

## Hexadecimal (HEX)

Selects base 16

## Base

Select an arbitrary base for computations

## StoreWordSize (STWS)

Store the word size for binary computations

## WordSize (RCWS)

Recall the word size for binary computations

## MaxRewrites

Defines the maximum number of rewrites in an equation.

[Equations rewrites](#rewrite) can go into infinite loops, e.g. `'X+Y' 'A+B'
'B+A' rewrite` can never end, since it keeps rewriting terms. This setting
indicates how many attempts at rewriting will be done before erroring out.

## MaxBigNumBits

Define the maxmimum number of bits for a large integer.

Large integer operations can take a very long time, notably when displaying them
on the stack. With the default value of 1024 bits, you can compute `100!` but
computing `200!` will result in an error, `Number is too big`. You can however
compute it seting a higher value for `MaxBigNumBits`, for example
`2048 MaxBigNumBits`.

## ToFractionIterations (→QIterations, →FracIterations)

Define the maximum number of iterations converting a decimal value to a
fraction. For example, `1 →FracIterations 3.1415926 →Frac` will give `22/7`,
whereas `3 →FracIterations 3.1415926 →Frac` will give `355/113`.

## ToFractionDigits (→QDigits, →FracDigits)

Define the maximum number of digits of precision converting a decimal value to a
fraction. For example, `2 →FracDigits 3.1415926 →Frac` will give `355/113`.


# States

The calculator can save and restore state in files with extension `.48S`.
This feature is available through the `Setup` menu (Shift-`0`).

The following information is stored in state files:

* Global variables
* Stack contents
* Settings
