doc/commands/statistics.md, before:

# Statistics

## RDZ
Initialize random number generator with a seed


## RAND
Generate a random real number

## ΣData (ΣDAT)

The `ΣData` variable contains the statistics data, in the form of a matrix.

*Note*: The `ΣData` name is considered a command internally, and as such,
is subject to `CommandDisplayMode` and not `NamesDisplayMode`.

## ΣParameters (ΣPAR)

The `ΣParameters` variable contains the statistics parameters, as a list with
five elements:

`{ xcol ycol intercept slope fit }`

The `xcol` value is an integer starting at 1, indicating the independent column.
The `ycol` value similarly indicates the dependent column.

The `intercept` and `slope` are the parameters for the linear regression.
The `fit` value is the type of fit being used:
(`LinFit`, `ExpFit`, `PwrFit`, `LogFit`);

*Note*: The `ΣParameters` name is considered a command internally, and as such,
is subject to `CommandDisplayMode` and not `NamesDisplayMode`.

## Σ+

Add data to the statistics data array `ΣData`.

* If data is a real or complex number, statistics data is single-column

* If data is a vector, statistics data has the same number of columns as the
  size of the vector.

## Σ-

Remove the last data entered in the statistics array, and pushes it on the stack.

## RecallΣ (RCLΣ)

Recall statistics data and puts it on the stack

## StoreΣ (STOΣ)

Stores an array from the stack as statistics data in the `ΣData` variable.

## ClearΣ (CLΣ)

Clear statistics data.

## Average (MEAN, AVG)

Compute the average (mean) of the values in the statistics data.
If there is a single column of data, the result is a real number.
Otherwise, it is a vector for each column of data.

## Median

Compute the median of the values in the statistics data array `ΣData`.

## MinΣ

Compute the smallest of the values in the statistics data array `ΣData`.

## MaxΣ

Compute the largest of the values in the statistics data array `ΣData`.

## ΣSize (NΣ)

Return the number of data rows in the statistics data array `ΣData`.

## ΣX

Return the sum of values in the `XCol` column of the statistics data array `ΣData`.

## ΣY

Return the sum of values in the `YCol` column of the statistics data array `ΣData`.

## ΣXY

Return the sum of the product of values in the `XCol` and `YCol` columns of the
statistics data array `ΣData`.

## ΣX²

Return the sum of the squares of the values in the `XCol` column of the
statistics data array `ΣData`.

## ΣY²

Return the sum of the squares of the values in the `YCol` column of the
statistics data array `ΣData`.

## Total (TOT)

Returns the sum of all columns in the statistics data array `ΣData`.

## Variance (VAR)

Calculates the sample variance of the coordinate values in each of the columns
in the current statistics matrix (`ΣData`).

## Correlation (CORR)

Returns the correlation coefficient of the independent and dependent data
columns in the current statistics matrix (reserved variable `ΣData`).

The columns are specified by the first two elements in the reserved variable
`ΣParameters`, set by `XCol` and `YCol`, respectively. If `ΣParameters` does not
exist, `Correlation` creates it and sets the elements to their default values
(1 and 2).

## Covariance (COV)

Returns the sample covariance of the independent and dependent data columns in
the current statistics matrix (reserved variable `ΣData`).

The columns are specified by the first two elements in the reserved variable
`ΣParameters`, set by `XCol` and `YCol`, respectively. If `ΣParameters` does not
exist, `Correlation` creates it and sets the elements to their default values
(1 and 2).

## StandardDeviation (SDEV)


CMD(StandardDeviation)                  ALIAS(StandardDeviation,        "SDev")
CMD(Bins)
CMD(PopulationVariance)                 ALIAS(PopulationVariance,       "PVar")
CMD(PopulationStandardDeviation)        ALIAS(PopulationStandardDeviation, "PSDev")
CMD(PopulationCovariance)               ALIAS(PopulationCovariance,     "PCov")
CMD(IndependentColumn)                  ALIAS(IndependentColumn,        "XCol")
CMD(DependentColumn)                    ALIAS(DependentColumn,          "YCol")
NAMED(DataColumns,      "ColΣ")
CMD(Intercept)
CMD(Slope)
CMD(LinearRegression)                   ALIAS(LinearRegression,         "LR")
CMD(BestFit)
CMD(LinearFit)                          ALIAS(LinearFit,                "LinFit")
CMD(ExponentialFit)                     ALIAS(ExponentialFit,           "ExpFit")
CMD(PowerFit)                           ALIAS(PowerFit,                 "PwrFit")
CMD(LogarithmicFit)                     ALIAS(LogarithmicFit,           "LogFit")

Commit message:

stats: Add more statistics functions
Add correlation, standard deviation and covariance

Fixes: #569

Signed-off-by: Christophe de Dinechin <christophe@dinechin.org>

doc/commands/statistics.md, after:

# Statistics

## RDZ
Initialize random number generator with a seed


## RAND
Generate a random real number

## ΣData (ΣDAT)

The `ΣData` variable contains the statistics data, in the form of a matrix.

*Note*: The `ΣData` name is considered a command internally, and as such,
is subject to `CommandDisplayMode` and not `NamesDisplayMode`.

## ΣParameters (ΣPAR)

The `ΣParameters` variable contains the statistics parameters, as a list with
five elements:

`{ xcol ycol intercept slope fit }`

The `xcol` value is an integer starting at 1, indicating the independent column.
The `ycol` value similarly indicates the dependent column.

The `intercept` and `slope` are the parameters for the linear regression.
The `fit` value is the type of fit being used:
(`LinFit`, `ExpFit`, `PwrFit`, `LogFit`);

*Note*: The `ΣParameters` name is considered a command internally, and as such,
is subject to `CommandDisplayMode` and not `NamesDisplayMode`.

## Σ+

Add data to the statistics data array `ΣData`.

* If data is a real or complex number, statistics data is single-column

* If data is a vector, statistics data has the same number of columns as the
  size of the vector.

## Σ-

Remove the last data entered in the statistics array, and pushes it on the stack.

## RecallΣ (RCLΣ)

Recall statistics data and puts it on the stack

## StoreΣ (STOΣ)

Stores an array from the stack as statistics data in the `ΣData` variable.

## ClearΣ (CLΣ)

Clear statistics data.

## Average (MEAN, AVG)

Compute the average (mean) of the values in the statistics data.
If there is a single column of data, the result is a real number.
Otherwise, it is a vector for each column of data.

## Median

Compute the median of the values in the statistics data array `ΣData`.

## MinΣ

Compute the smallest of the values in the statistics data array `ΣData`.

## MaxΣ

Compute the largest of the values in the statistics data array `ΣData`.

## ΣSize (NΣ)

Return the number of data rows in the statistics data array `ΣData`.

## ΣX

Return the sum of values in the `XCol` column of the statistics data array `ΣData`.

## ΣY

Return the sum of values in the `YCol` column of the statistics data array `ΣData`.

## ΣXY

Return the sum of the product of values in the `XCol` and `YCol` columns of the
statistics data array `ΣData`.

## ΣX²

Return the sum of the squares of the values in the `XCol` column of the
statistics data array `ΣData`.

## ΣY²

Return the sum of the squares of the values in the `YCol` column of the
statistics data array `ΣData`.

## Total (TOT)

Returns the sum of all columns in the statistics data array `ΣData`.

## Variance (VAR)

Calculates the sample variance of the coordinate values in each of the columns
in the current statistics matrix (`ΣData`).

## Correlation (CORR)

Returns the correlation coefficient of the independent and dependent data
columns in the current statistics matrix (reserved variable `ΣData`).

The columns are specified by the first two elements in the reserved variable
`ΣParameters`, set by `XCol` and `YCol`, respectively. If `ΣParameters` does not
exist, `Correlation` creates it and sets the elements to their default values
(1 and 2).

## Covariance (COV)

Returns the sample covariance of the independent and dependent data columns in
the current statistics matrix (reserved variable `ΣData`).

The columns are specified by the first two elements in the reserved variable
`ΣParameters`, set by `XCol` and `YCol`, respectively. If `ΣParameters` does not
exist, `Correlation` creates it and sets the elements to their default values
(1 and 2).

## StandardDeviation (SDEV)

Calculates the sample standard deviation of each of the columns of coordinate values in the current statistics matrix (reserved variable `ΣData`).

`StandardDeviation`  returns a vector of numbers, or a single number there is only one column of data.

The standard deviation is the square root of the `Variance`.

CMD(StandardDeviation)                  ALIAS(StandardDeviation,        "SDev")
CMD(Bins)
CMD(PopulationVariance)                 ALIAS(PopulationVariance,       "PVar")
CMD(PopulationStandardDeviation)        ALIAS(PopulationStandardDeviation, "PSDev")
CMD(PopulationCovariance)               ALIAS(PopulationCovariance,     "PCov")
CMD(IndependentColumn)                  ALIAS(IndependentColumn,        "XCol")
CMD(DependentColumn)                    ALIAS(DependentColumn,          "YCol")
NAMED(DataColumns,      "ColΣ")
CMD(Intercept)
CMD(Slope)
CMD(LinearRegression)                   ALIAS(LinearRegression,         "LR")
CMD(BestFit)
CMD(LinearFit)                          ALIAS(LinearFit,                "LinFit")
CMD(ExponentialFit)                     ALIAS(ExponentialFit,           "ExpFit")
CMD(PowerFit)                           ALIAS(PowerFit,                 "PwrFit")
CMD(LogarithmicFit)                     ALIAS(LogarithmicFit,           "LogFit")
