doc/commands/symbolic.md, before:

# Operations with Symbolic Expressions

## Rewrite

Applies an arbitrary transformation on equations. The first argument is the
equation to transform. The second argument is the pattern to match. The third
argument is the replacement pattern. Patterns can contain variable names, which
are substituted with the corresponding sub-expression.

In the matching pattern, variables with a name that begins with `i`, `j`, `k`,
`l`, `m`, `n`, `p` or `q` must match a non-zero positive integer. When such a
match happens, the expression is evaluated after rewrite in order to compute
values such as `3-1`.

`Eq` `From` `To` ▶ `Eq`

Examples:
* `'A+B+0' 'X+0' 'X' rewrite` returns `'A+B'`
* `'A+B+C' 'X+Y' 'Y-X' rewrite` returns `'C-(B-A)`
* `'(A+B)^3' 'X^N' 'X*X^(N-1)' rewrite` returns `(A+B)*(A+B)^2`.


## AUTOSIMPLIFY
Reduce numeric subexpressions


## RULEMATCH
Find if an expression matches a rule pattern


## RULEAPPLY
Match and apply a rule to an expression repeatedly


## TOFRACTION
Convert number to fraction


## RULEAPPLY1
Match and apply a rule to an expression only once


## TRIGSIN
Simplify replacing cos(x)^2+sin(x)^2=1


## ALLROOTS
Expand powers with rational exponents to consider all roots


## CLISTCLOSEBRACKET


## RANGE
Create a case-list of integers in the given range.


## ASSUME
Apply certain assumptions about a variable to an expression.

Commit message:

rewrite: Add "unique" variable names
Beginning a rewrite variable name with `u`, `v` or `w` forces it to be
unique across all variables. This is useful to ensure that reordering
terms do not match "no-op".

For example, if you want to rewrite `A+B+A` as `A+A+B`, but do _not_
want this to apply to `A+A+A` where it does nothing, then you can
use the pattern `X+U+X`, where the `U` (for "unique") ensures that
there is no match in the `A+A+A` case where that would make `U`
identical to `X`.

Fixes: #244

Signed-off-by: Christophe de Dinechin <christophe@dinechin.org>

doc/commands/symbolic.md, after:

# Operations with Symbolic Expressions

## Rewrite

Applies an arbitrary transformation on equations. The first argument is the
equation to transform. The second argument is the pattern to match. The third
argument is the replacement pattern. Patterns can contain variable names, which
are substituted with the corresponding sub-expression.

In the matching pattern, variables with a name that begins with `i`, `j`, `k`,
`l`, `m`, `n`, `p` or `q` must match a non-zero positive integer. When such a
match happens, the expression is evaluated after rewrite in order to compute
values such as `3-1`.

Additionally, variables with a name that begins with `u`, `v` or `w` must
be _unique_ within the pattern. This is useful for term-reordering rules,
such as `'x*u*x' 'x*x*u'`, which should not match `a*a*a` where it is a no-op.

`Eq` `From` `To` ▶ `Eq`

Examples:
* `'A+B+0' 'X+0' 'X' rewrite` returns `'A+B'`
* `'A+B+C' 'X+Y' 'Y-X' rewrite` returns `'C-(B-A)`
* `'(A+B)^3' 'X^N' 'X*X^(N-1)' rewrite` returns `(A+B)*(A+B)^2`.


## AUTOSIMPLIFY
Reduce numeric subexpressions


## RULEMATCH
Find if an expression matches a rule pattern


## RULEAPPLY
Match and apply a rule to an expression repeatedly


## TOFRACTION
Convert number to fraction


## RULEAPPLY1
Match and apply a rule to an expression only once


## TRIGSIN
Simplify replacing cos(x)^2+sin(x)^2=1


## ALLROOTS
Expand powers with rational exponents to consider all roots


## CLISTCLOSEBRACKET


## RANGE
Create a case-list of integers in the given range.


## ASSUME
Apply certain assumptions about a variable to an expression.
