doc/commands/ui.md, before:

# User Interface

## COPYCLIP
Copy an object to the clipboard


## CUTCLIP
Move an object to the clipboard


## PASTECLIP
Insert the clipboard contents on the stack


## WAIT
Wait for a key press or a time lapse


## KEYEVAL
Simulate a keypress from within a program


## KEY
Get instantaneous state of the keyboard


## DOFORM
Take a variable identifier with a form list


## EDINSERT
Insert given text into the editor


## EDREMOVE
Remove characters in the editor at the cursor position


## EDLEFT
Move cursor to the left in the editor


## EDRIGHT
Move cursor to the right in the editor


## EDUP
Move cursor up in the editor


## EDDOWN
Move cursor down in the editor


## EDSTART
Move cursor to the start of text in the editor


## EDEND
Move cursor to the end of text in the editor


## EDLSTART
Move cursor to the start of current line in the editor


## EDLEND
Move cursor to the end of current line in the editor


## EDTOKEN
Extract one full word at the cursor location in the editor


## EDACTOKEN
Extract one word at the left of cursor location (suitable for autocomplete)


## EDMODE
Change the cursor mode in the editor


## SETTHEME
Set system color theme


## GETTHEME

Commit message:

Implement the `wait` command.
Wait for a key press or a time lapse.

When the argument is greater than 0, interrupt the program for the given number
of seconds, which can be fractional.

When the argument is 0 or negative, wait indefinitely until a key is
pressed. The key code for the key that was pressed will be pushed in the
stack. If the argument is negative, the current menu will be displayed on the
screen during the wait.

Fixes: #324

Signed-off-by: Christophe de Dinechin <christophe@dinechin.org>

doc/commands/ui.md, after:

# User Interface

## COPYCLIP
Copy an object to the clipboard


## CUTCLIP
Move an object to the clipboard


## PASTECLIP
Insert the clipboard contents on the stack


## Wait

Wait for a key press or a time lapse.

When the argument is greater than 0, interrupt the program for the given number
of seconds, which can be fractional.

When the argument is 0 or negative, wait indefinitely until a key is
pressed. The key code for the key that was pressed will be pushed in the
stack. If the argument is negative, the current menu will be displayed on the
screen during the wait.


## KEYEVAL
Simulate a keypress from within a program


## KEY
Get instantaneous state of the keyboard


## DOFORM
Take a variable identifier with a form list


## EDINSERT
Insert given text into the editor


## EDREMOVE
Remove characters in the editor at the cursor position


## EDLEFT
Move cursor to the left in the editor


## EDRIGHT
Move cursor to the right in the editor


## EDUP
Move cursor up in the editor


## EDDOWN
Move cursor down in the editor


## EDSTART
Move cursor to the start of text in the editor


## EDEND
Move cursor to the end of text in the editor


## EDLSTART
Move cursor to the start of current line in the editor


## EDLEND
Move cursor to the end of current line in the editor


## EDTOKEN
Extract one full word at the cursor location in the editor


## EDACTOKEN
Extract one word at the left of cursor location (suitable for autocomplete)


## EDMODE
Change the cursor mode in the editor


## SETTHEME
Set system color theme


## GETTHEME
