doc/calc-help/menus.md, before:

# Negate

This is a proxy for the `NEG` function. We are simply testing that we can
display help correctly. This is _italics_. This is *italics too*. This is
**bold**. This is __bold too__. Here is a backtick: ``. Does that work?

## Main menus in DB48X

Here are the main menus in DB48X, in alphabetical order.


## Main menu

The *Main menu* gives access to _all_ the functions in your calculator, sorted
by cathegory. It includes the following submenus:

* Math: Mathematical operations
* Symb: Symbolic operations
* Units: Unit conversions
* System: System configuration
* Prog: Programming
* Vars: User variables

The [Math menu](#math-menu) is the most useful one.
Another [good menu](#arithmetic-menu).

If you are looking for [Swap](#swap), click [Here for STKDROP](#stkdrop)


## Math menu

The *Math menu* gives access to mathematical functions like `SIN` in your
calculator. It includes the following submenus:

* Arith: Arithmetic functions
* Base: Based numbers
* Trans: Transcendental functions
* Stats: Statistics
* Lists: List operations
* Matrix: Matrices and vectors
* Solve: Numerical solver

## Arithmetic menu

The *Arithmetic menu* gives access to arithmetic functions in your
calculator. It includes the following submenus:

* Real: Operations on real numbers
* Integer: Operation on integer numnbers
* Modulo: Modulo arithmetic
* Polynomial: Operations on polynomials
* PolyFCN: Specific polynomials

Commit message:

Add a bit of an overview to the documemtation
Signed-off-by: Christophe de Dinechin <christophe@dinechin.org>

doc/calc-help/menus.md, after:

# Overview

## DB48X on DM42

The DB48X project intends to rebuild and improve the user experience of the
legendary HP48 family of calculators, notably their "_Reverse Polish Lisp_" (RPL)
language with its rich set of data types and built-in functions.

This project is presently targeting the *SwissMicro DM42 calculator*
and leveraging its built-in software platform, known as *DMCP*. This is
presumably the calculator you are currently running this software on.

## State of the project

This is currently **UNSTABLE** software. Please only consider installing this if
you are a developer and interested in contributing. Please refer to the web site
of the project on GitHub for details and updates.


# Negate

This help topic is a proxy for the `NEG` function. We are simply testing that we
can display help correctly. This is _italics_. This is *italics too*. This is
**bold**. This is __bold too__. Here is a backtick: ``. Does that work?


## Main menus in DB48X

Here are the main menus in DB48X, in alphabetical order.


## Main menu

The *Main menu* gives access to _all_ the functions in your calculator, sorted
by cathegory. It includes the following submenus:

* Math: Mathematical operations
* Symb: Symbolic operations
* Units: Unit conversions
* System: System configuration
* Prog: Programming
* Vars: User variables

The [Math menu](#math-menu) is the most useful one.
Another [good menu](#arithmetic-menu).

If you are looking for [Swap](#swap), click [Here for STKDROP](#stkdrop)


## Math menu

The *Math menu* gives access to mathematical functions like `SIN` in your
calculator. It includes the following submenus:

* Arith: Arithmetic functions
* Base: Based numbers
* Trans: Transcendental functions
* Stats: Statistics
* Lists: List operations
* Matrix: Matrices and vectors
* Solve: Numerical solver

## Arithmetic menu

The *Arithmetic menu* gives access to arithmetic functions in your
calculator. It includes the following submenus:

* Real: Operations on real numbers
* Integer: Operation on integer numnbers
* Modulo: Modulo arithmetic
* Polynomial: Operations on polynomials
* PolyFCN: Specific polynomials
